### 2019/08/27
 
 ## Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) (卷積神經網路)
   Deep learning relies on Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models to transform images into predicted classifications.
   It's a class of deep neural networks, and is the preferred network for image applications.


 ## Artificial Neural Network (人工神經網路)
   The network transforms input data by applying a nonlinear function to a weighted sum of the inputs.
   The intermediate outputs of one layer, called features, are used as the input into the next layer. 
   The neural network, through repeated transformations, learns multiple layers of nonlinear features (like edges and shapes), 
   which it then combines in a final layer to create a prediction (of more complex objects). 

   
 ## Convolutions (卷積)
  The convolution operation specific to CNNs combines the input data (feature map) 
  from one layer with a convolution kernel (filter) to form a transformed feature map for the next layer. 
  As it is trained, the CNN adjusts automatically to find the most relevant features based on its classification requirements.


 ## Accelerating CNNs using GPUs
  Training CNN models and running inference through trained CNN models can be quite large, need requiring intensive compute resources and time,
  because of the frameworks, useing GPU can speeding up training and inference tasks.
  
  
 ## GPU
  Jetson Nano includes a 128-core GPU, Since it can run the full training frameworks, it is also able to re-train networks with transfer learning.
 

 ## Residual Networks
  ResNet is a residual network, made with building blocks that incorporate "shortcut connections" that skip one or more layers. 
  This technique makes the network easier to optimize, and have higher accuracy gains at greatly increased depths.
  Using ResNet-18 provides a good balance of performance and efficiency sized well for the Jetson Nano
  
## Transfer Learning (轉移學習)
  https://medium.com/%E6%88%91%E5%B0%B1%E5%95%8F%E4%B8%80%E5%8F%A5-%E6%80%8E%E9%BA%BC%E5%AF%AB/transfer-learning-%E8%BD%89%E7%A7%BB%E5%AD%B8%E7%BF%92-4538e6e2ffe4

  
