### 2019/08/27

## Classification 
1. What is "Classification" in Machine Learning?
   - [ ] Mapping a group of inputs to discrete outputs.
   - [ ] Classifying an input to a given set of categories.
   - [ ] Predicting labels for input images.
   - [x] All of the above
   
   
## Data Collection 
2. What are the key points to keep in mind when collecting image data?
   - [ ] Try to provide different backgrounds so that model learns essential features.
   - [ ] Vary the light settings, so that model learns color variance.
   - [ ] Collect the data with minimum labeling errors so that the data set will have less outliers and noise.
   - [x] All of the above



## Classification Steps 
3. What are the steps followed in the Classification Project?
   - [ ] Train Model -> Collect Data -> Live Demonstration
   - [x] Collect Data -> Train Model -> Live Demonstration
   - [ ] Live Demonstration -> Train Data -> Collect Data
   - [ ] None of the above 
      

## Framework
4. Which Deep Learning Framework was used to train the classification model?
   - [ ] TensorFlow
   - [ ] TensorRT   
   - [x] PyTorch
   - [ ] MXNET
   - [ ] None of the above 
    
    
## Transfer Learning 
5. What is Transfer Learning?
   - [ ] Use a pre-trained model so that we don’t have to train at all.
   - [x] Use a pre-trained model so that we only need to train on new datasets.
   - [ ] Do not use a pre-trained model, because that will reduce the accuracy for specific tasks.
   - [ ] Both options A and B.


## Network Layers
6. For our projects, we modified the last layer of a pre-trained ResNet-18 model. What kind of layer is it?
   - [ ] MaxPool layer
   - [ ] Convolution Layer
   - [x] Fully Connected Layer
   - [ ] Dropout Layer 
      
      
## Data Sets
7. We used a PyTorch provided pre-trained ResNet-18 architecture. What dataset was ResNet-18 pre-trained on?
   - [ ] COCO
   - [x] ImageNet
   - [ ] MNIST
   - [ ] CIFAR-100 
      
## CATEGORIES variable 
8. There is a global variable named CATEGORIES in the notebook. If we add a new category to this list, 
     how must the output dimension of the neural network change for this classification task?
   - [ ] The output dimension will stay the same
   - [x] The output dimension will increase by 1
   - [ ] The output dimension will increase by 2
   - [ ] The output dimension will increase by 4 
 
 
## Optimizer 
9. What optimizer was used for training the model?
   - [ ] Stochastic Gradient Descent   #隨機梯度下降法
   - [x] Averaged Stochastic Gradient  
   - [ ] Adam correct
   - [ ] AdaGrad 
 
 
## Numerical Input 
10. How many classes did the Image Classification "Emotions Project" include?  
   `4`


      
      
 
 
 
      
